I'm going to make a little yogurt bowl
with this coconut yogurt and this
granola. It's really good. And I bought
some passion fruits and they're
beautiful.
Oh my gosh, guys.
Oh, hello. The doggy is on the
trampoline. Hi.
Hi.
>> I'm with you,
>> guys. This dog slept outside of our like
apartment. So, this is an Airbnb and
we're sharing it with like a family
home. So, we're like here up in
>> the guest house.
>> Yeah, it's like a guest house. It's
super cozy. But, it was so cute because
we were just in bed and all of a sudden
we heard like this banging and we got a
little bit scared because we thought
maybe it could be like the monkeys. So,
the Airbnb host told us about what are
they called?
>> The baboons.
>> Baboons. So, they're like monkeys that
are, you know, just roaming around here.
And yeah, we heard the banging and Hy
like went there like sneaking around to
check out like the curtains and then the
dog was just like laying outside of our
door. I think he slept here for a while.
And I don't really know if it's just
like a neighborhood dog or if the Airbnb
is the owner of the dog.
>> I need to ask her. I think it's a she
actually.
>> Yeah, it's a she.
>> She went out for a walk with us
yesterday. So, it's so cute. It's just
like a I don't know. I don't even know
her name. Look who's here.
Hello.
Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hello.
Not
no food. No, I'm having breakfast. Yes.
What is your name?
What is your name, cutie pie?
Oh,
what is your name?
There's a super cute place close to our
Airbnb and it's called The Hub. So, it's
a cafe and a gourmet health store. So,
we've been going there buying some
necessities and we've tried their coffee
and it is absolutely amazing. So, we
wanted to go out for a walk and pick up
some coffees.
Hello.
You guys are so cute. Yeah, you're so
excited.
This is heavenly. It's like these date
balls, but the plot twist is there is
puffed rice in it and it's just so
crunchy.
We bought it. Like this is our third
time buying it. So good.
So this is Molly. I asked our Airbnb
host if it's her dog and she said yes
and her name is Molly and she is so cute
and she just popped in and said hi.
I made some electrolytes.
>> And look who's here.
This is our new dog. She's wiggling her
tail when I say Molly. Molly moose.
Molly moose. Hi. Hi, Molly.
Hi. Hi. A Molly.
She's going to join us on our walk.
I asked our Airbnb host if we could
expect to encounter any snakes here
because Hel and I are from Iceland and
there are no snakes in Iceland. So, I
just don't really know like the
precautions if you would meet a snake.
Uh, and I just wanted to know. So, she
told us that there are three different
types of snakes that we could
potentially encounter. It's like cobra
and one that was called something V. And
she said that it's sometimes like kind
of camouflage that it's hiding beneath
like the bushes or
>> like I don't know. You need to kind of
look where you're walking because you
could, you know, step on a snake. But
anyways, the views here are insane. Look
at this.
Oh my goodness. And this is our dog now.
She's following us everywhere.
She's so cute.
Oh my goodness. Oh.
Oh my god. She's taking a bath. But she
also needed a bath.
I don't know how this a
This is incredible.
I'm speechless.
Khali is collecting shells,
so I'm going to give this to him.
Wow. Wow.
We ended up shopping a little bit at the
store because we wanted to make burgers
tonight and we were missing a few
ingredients. So, we bought some burger
buns, Gerkins,
some cheese, and ginger ale. I adore
this store. I could literally browse
there for many hours. They also have
some skin care. So, I wanted to show you
guys what we got. We bought some
sunscreen, and this is a mineral
sunscreen, and we've already tried it,
and it's really nice. Some of these
mineral sunscreens can make you look
like a ghost, but this one is really
good. We're almost out of our facial
cleanser, so we bought this one. It has
tea tree and aloe vera. I'm excited to
try it. I found this essential oil
rollon perfume. It's not really a
perfume, but it has cold pressed grape
seed oil, cardamom, frankincense, and
mirror essential oil. I actually stopped
using perfumes over a year ago, but this
is going to be perfect to keep in my bag
when I want to smell good. So, yeah, the
rest are just some vegetables to make
burgers tonight.
Guys, I'm crying so much because I'm
cutting the onions,
but they're going to be worth it. I'm
going to put them on a pan with butter
and make them marinate for a long time
so it becomes super yummy.
Good morning, guys. We have a fun day
ahead of us. I mean, we don't really
have it planned out thoroughly, but we
know that we want to go to this beach
called Boulders Beach. What's unique
about it is that penguins live there.
And Hal was reading for me from the
internet that apparently it was two
penguins that arrived there in 19 when
was it?
>> 86. 1986
they basically created the penguin
community there and this is one of the
only places on earth where you can go to
a beach and meet penguins. H I think
they just really enjoyed the beachy
lifestyle. It's honestly so cute and I'm
really excited. So we wanted to go for a
little drive and I haven't really told
you guys where we're currently staying.
So, we're actually staying in a small
village called Scarboro. Yeah, it's a
little bit outside of Cape Town, and I'm
honestly like so happy that we decided
to stay here. We actually just found
this Airbnb and we thought it was just
so beautiful and the reviews were just
so amazing and we thought it would be so
fun to stay outside of Cape Town for a
little getaway, a little bit more quiet.
It is just absolutely amazing here and
I'm kind of sad that we're going to be
leaving in a couple of days and we're
going to be staying in Cape Town. But
I'm also really really really excited to
explore Cape Town for the very first
time. But yeah, we wanted to grab some
breakfast before heading to this beach.
And the first day we arrived in South
Africa, we didn't get the Airbnb until
like 2:00. And we arrived 6:00 in the
morning, so we had a few hours to spare.
And we actually found this little cafe
van and it's located at a small beach
and we just went there and we ordered
coffee and grilled sandwiches and it was
such a good vibe. There were so many
people there and so many dogs. I think
it's kind of like a place where people
go and walk their dogs. And we thought
we could go there again today because
all of the dogs are just so adorable.
And the grilled cheese sandwich was
delicious. I just need to figure out an
outfit for today. It's obviously sunny.
It's so beautiful when we wake up
because you can see that there are like
big big windows here and there's no
curtains for the big windows. So, you
just wake up with the sun in your eyes
and it's just incredible. I have just
bought the most perfect pair of vintage
Levis 501. H I used to wear these types
of pants when I was like 17. I thrifted
them on ASOS Marketplace. I don't know
if that's still around. I used to wear
them a bit more slimmer, but now I
picked a bit bigger size, so they fit
more low-waist, and they're just overall
a bit more baggy. And I am just so
obsessed. It is just so hard to find a
right pair that like fits you, is long
enough, is baggy enough because even
though they are 501s, they can be so
different. I have to put them on to show
you guys.
I'm just so freaking happy. Wait, I'm
going to show you a bit better so you
can see just how long they are.
A fun fact, I used to work at Levis's
when I was 17, so I know a lot about the
Levis's jeans, and they do have 501s for
women, but they're just totally
different. And I specifically wanted to
find the men ones,
and they're just perfect.
I think I'm going to wear this beautiful
light green tank top. It is 100% marino
wool, but apparently wool is really
breathable and good either in cold or
warm weather. So, I don't think it's
going to be an issue even though it is
super sunny today. And it's from this
Korean brand called Siatsu.
And it is so cute because it has these
strings that you can kind of tie either
in the front or in the back.
I feel like these two colors go really
nicely together. And yeah, I don't know
if I should tie it maybe from the back
and to the front. For my shoes, I'm
either thinking black flip-flops or my
ballerinas. I think the ballerinas are
going to be a little bit more cute. I
haven't worn these earrings in quite a
long time and I think they could look
really nice with this outfit. We have
two bags to pick from. Either this brown
suede one. This one is super like
convenient and small. I feel like it
goes really well with this outfit. I
forgot about my sunnies. So, I'm going
to wear these ones
and we're pretty much ready to head out
and go grab breakfast. H, you need to
see H's outfit because he's really cute.
Okay. Toodles.
Oh my goodness.
Uh-oh. Oh my god.
Helga is driving on the left lane for
the first time and he is doing a really
good job. We just tried to be very
cautious, but we had a really cozy
breakfast and petted some of the dogs
that were visiting the beach. And now
we're off to Boulders Beach to see the
penguins. And it's only like a 5minut
drive there. So, we're almost there.
We just did the tour of the Boulders
Beach and guys, this is like a bucket
list thing, you know, seeing penguins in
this type of environment is just
>> crazy. I don't know. We had a lot of fun
seeing them and they are just so
adorable.
We did a little stroll in Simon's Town
and ended up buying a few goodies. So,
we found these utensils that you can use
for like salads or pasta. I just thought
they were really pretty. And then we
found this store called Pure
>> Pure Yuni. Pure
>> no pure
>> yin. Pure yin.
>> Pure yin studio. And it's like this
small boutique selling linen clothes and
organic cotton and lots of crystals and
essential oils. I think we spent like an
hour in there
>> just browsing around.
>> Honestly, it was so fun. And look how
she wrapped my purchase. It was so
thoughtful. I bought this beautiful
necklace. This is a silk thread, and I
actually didn't ask what these were, but
it's just so stunning. I'm going to show
you how it looks on. I don't really own
a necklace that is so long. You can also
have it a bit longer than this.
It's a bit more bohemian. I like it. And
this handwoven bookmark, I thought it
was just so special and it would
probably always remind me of this trip.
And I've never seen anything quite like
this, so I really wanted to buy it. And
lastly, I bought my first crystal.
I'm becoming a witch. I need to read it
for you guys. the like the description
of this crystal, it just felt very
relevant for me and I just wanted to buy
it. And you can, you know, hold it, keep
it in your bag. And I think it's just
good energy. And it says, "A crystal of
new beginnings, abundance and
prosperity, connecting to nature and
bringing calmness, inspiring creativity
and passion, rejuvenating mind, body,
and soul, and appreciating the beauty
within and all around us. I don't know.
I just thought it was so special."
>> Okay, we are going to go grab a bite
before we sweat our asses off in here
because it's becoming a sauna.
So, we're going to find a little place
where we can have some food.
>> Mhm.
It's a bit gloomy today,
but I'm going to do my workout. And this
is the spot. It's like a little secret
garden.
I'm going to walk over to the local
store, buy some bread, and maybe grab
some coffee. And of course, Molly is
here joining me on my walk. She's just
so cute.
The coffee here is so good.
>> We met so many dogs at the cafe. We met
a great Dane. You guys saw in the video.
He was literally like a horse.
>> He was huge. And I got to pet him and I
like held his head and I was like, I
don't know. And he looked at me and he
was just so adorable. Even though he
he's very big, but he's very friendly
though. We recently watched a movie. I
don't remember what it was called. Um
>> something best friend or something.
>> Yeah. It was about like this woman who
basically had to take care of this
>> Great Dane.
>> Great Dane. And it was a really cute
story, but I think it was the exact same
dog, like the color and everything. And
I mean, they are just huge.
>> Cheers.
We're going to go to the beach now. It
has started clearing up and the weather
forecast says that it's supposed to be
sunny for the rest of the day. And we
haven't really gone to the beach with
like a towel and a book and just
chilled. So, I really wanted to do that
today. And I'm going to wear a really
cute bikini. This navy polka dot bikini.
I thought I could just throw on a white
little dress on top. I'm quite excited
to wear my new boots.
So, I thought we could wear them today.
Okay, let's go to the beach.
I'm so happy that I'm getting a bit more
tan. But I also noticed that I'm a bit
red as well. I need to be careful
because the sun here is very strong. But
it was so cozy at the beach. Very
relaxing. It honestly has been the best
couple of days here in this village. I'm
so happy that we started our trip here
because we just really needed a bit of
recharging. And tomorrow we are checking
out at 10:00 and we're going to drive to
Cape Town. So, we are actually just
going to cook something simple at home
and we're going to eat outside while the
sun is setting and have a cozy evening
before we leave this place tomorrow. I'm
going to be so sad. We've honestly met
so many friendly, lovely people here. So
many adorable dogs. And I know we're
going to miss Molly. Hopefully, we'll be
back here again.
I could get used to this. We're
listening to the birds chirping. We can
hear the waves from the sea. And we're
eating our dinner and watching the
sunset. Doesn't get much better than
this.
>> But I hope you guys enjoyed watching
this cozy vlog and we'll see you next
week in Cape Town. Bye.